" We Deal with the treatment of Patient with latest work of Dr. Samuel Hahnemann & Homoeopathy i.e principles given in 5th & 6th edition of organon of medicine especially L M POTENCY SCALES "

WHY HOMOEOPATHY ?

Because it provides rapid, gentle & permanent cure without any side effects.

WHY Pateint choose Doctor Jitendra ?

Because we provide hope to hopeless and the so called miracles happens as a routine work in our clinic because of systematic application of knowledge and skill.

What is  Homeopathy ?

Homoeopathy is an alternative system of medicines which is discovered by Dr. C.F.S. Hahnemann in 1796 in Germany.

It is based on the principle of totality of symptoms similarity.

It is best system of treatment as it provide rapid, gentle and permanent cure without any side effects.

Homoeopathy works through the nerves, so it is very quick and effective.

What About Clinic information ?

Sushila Homoeopathic health care and research center is a clinic in Shyam Nagar Kanpur. The clinic is visited by Dr. Jitendra Kumar Srivastava. This is a place where the hopeless found the hope because this is the place where so called miracle happened as a routine work because of scientific application of knowledge and skill.


This is a place where treatment of acute, chronic, irreversible chronic diseases and mental diseases done with holistic approach and complete removal of disease with sure and short scientific method of dynamic homoeopathy.


What About Doctor Jitendra education ?

Dr. Jitendra Kumar Srivastava
B.H.M.S. (Agra University), C.F.N. (New Delhi), D.L.O.P. (Maternal and child health care), DLT (CCRH) M.H.M.A.I., Ex. Lecturer & HOD Department of Anatomy & Physiology Abhinava Institute of Homoeopathic Pharmacy


Dr. Jitendra Kumar Srivastava Is A Homeopathic Consultant Physician Whose Motto Is To Achieve Challenging Clinical , Research & Academic Position In Homoeopathy Where His Skills, Education And Experience In Homoeopathy Can Be Utilized To Its Maximum Potential And Which Provides Opportunities For Growth, Learning And Expertise In This Emerging Area And Has An Experience Of 14 Years In This Field Of Homeopathy.

The Doctor Completed BHMS From Agra University In 2009 And C.F.N. (Specialized Course Of Food And Nutrition) From Ignou, New Delhi In 2006.

What is Contact of Dr. Jitendra Kumar Srivastava ?
Mob. 9935545031

What is Clinic Address ?

We have two clinic addresses

Address1 : 258-D Block, Shyam Nagar, Near Harihar Dham infront of Saraswati Shishu Mandir, Kanpur 208013
Address2 : 3-B Beena Sadan Apartment, Raksha Vihar colony Main Gate, Near Shyam Nagar Police choke Kanpur 208013

What are Clinic Timings ?

Monday to Saturday : 10 am to 2 pm at (258-D Block, Shyam Nagar, Near Harihar Dham infront of Saraswati Shishu Mandir, Kanpur 208013)
                   : 5:30 pm to 8:30 pm (3-B Beena Sadan Apartment, Raksha Vihar colony Main Gate, Near Shyam Nagar Police choke Kanpur 208013)
Sunday : 10 am to 1 pm (258-D Block, Shyam Nagar, Near Harihar Dham infront of Saraswati Shishu Mandir, Kanpur 208013)




